does anybody care about Victor Ortiz I
don't I don't care if he comes back I
don't care who Lee fights you know why
because I'm sick and tired of giving him
chances when you look at luis collazo
when he got knocked out in February and
you seen the way he turned around and he
put his ass up in air like you know how
cats walk around what they tail up and
they answer all out that's how he looked
he looked like a pussycat when I look at
him head-butting floyd mayweather in the
biggest fight of his life and then he
even though he took some clean shots
from mayweather or when it comes to the
cheap shot whatever you want to call it
I feel he could have gotten up because
if you look at photos and pictures at
the post-fight press conference and
anything after the fight he's all
smiling and giggling you know almost
like he got a chip so I ask myself how
many chances am I going to give Victor
Ortiz if you go look at his fight with
Marcos el Chino mcdonough when he put
McDonough down what like three times I
forgot and then he quit
look at josesito lopez Josesito Lopez is
close to getting amir khan fight
josesito lopez for marcos maidana who's
employed mayweather appointed Josesito
Lopez for Saul Canelo Alvarez else in
Amman so once again I ask you what has
Victor Ortiz done for you lately ozz to
Lopes broke his jaw yes we know he
couldn't continue the fight but when you
think about Victor Ortiz what comes to
your mind I know what comes to my mind I
think when I watch a victor ortiz fight
I'm watching to see if he's going to
make it through the funny just like when
i watch Aamir Khan fights i watch amir
khan fight to see if Amir Khan is not
going to get knocked up simple logic
right if you don't know I'm to Street
controversy I call it show teach three
controversy live I cover boxing got a
few first blood vessels in my eyes I'm
not gonna let you see it but
Victor Ortiz when I say okay all right
there's a good chance he'll be fighting
at 154 but when I think about whom
convicted or teams beat because it's not
that Victor Ortiz doesn't have punching
power it's not that he's not vicious
it's the fact that he's a bitch I was
getting ready to sugar coat and I was
like you know this cold like it is you
know he's a head case shit don't be
going right up there sometimes me and
you think this is the sweet science but
he just sweet home
I see this I'm Roberto has returned
andre berto buzzes Victor Ortiz would be
a hell of a matchup they can finally get
that under the wet underway remember
they were supposed to have a rematch but
Andre Berto had some issues with some
drug tests that he may or may not have
failed if I if I remember I covered the
story but I got short-term memory loss
monster I believe he failed the drug
test if I'm correct and the rematch was
off so both of these fighters back both
of the men across girls it'd be kind of
like a career match you know Andre Berto
can't take another loss right now
especially take the loss a second laws
to Victor Ortiz and we know that Victor
Ortiz definitely came to clause and if
he takes the loss he gotta go out
fighting on his shield because if it's
any controversy around the fight he's
still going to be labeled a bitch you
know why the expendables 3 flopped it
flopped because he was in it because
boxing fans were like you know who is
this bitch edge Victor Ortiz I know I
got pissed off I've seen every
Expendables movie in the theater all
three of them and once I saw Victor
Ortiz I got pissed off and I was like
that's it i'm at the walkout that's it i
was like listen listen I was gonna I was
going to email lionsgate films or
whoever produce a movie and I was gonna
say listen I want my money back but I
don't want it back from the theater I
want it back from you I want to give you
a hassle because you put Victor Ortiz
and your movie like like like like
boxing fans fuck with him like black box
of fans going to be like Oh Victor Ortiz
is in the expendables I'm gonna go see
it Victor Jesus lingual there's a bitch
in the boxing community I'm not going to
sugarcoat it so em thuy nineties one in
return makes me wonder like well why do
I
why do i care but i can see if it was
like all use a thread but all you got to
do is crack Victor Ortiz a couple times
punch him in his mouth a couple of times
clean and there's a good chance you want
to bitch up I want to say ladies and
gentlemen Amity Street controversy this
is t street controversy love with real
combat media I run a boxing phone and I
cover every single major fight live so
this weekend just so happen is exactly
1243 eastern standard time sep tember
212 2014 in 24 hours 48 hours I don't
remember anybody else but basically one
step 10 to 13 there was going to in fact
let you know let me give you a little
treat it's all right man alive Fox
Sports 1 just went off so in the boxes
way to the end Oh missed it but comedy
cover and Mayweather versus make down
the to live I predicted that
Mayweather's want to lose the meat done
and I'm going to be here live
immediately after her because people
want to say are you were wrong t street
hahaha but I'm gonna go out on my shield
t street controversy t3 controversy live